November 5th is your kleber
war thunder
go
spanish
165 what year do you have fiction means
corners culture and design repeat scant
According to the theory of heavy tires, I had 2007
year
at first it was just for me
fascination later after some
time filled up that it became me
interesting and i started doing it
more profoundly professional
I did not take the example of everything on the table
he's after that I decided to enter
that the embroidery concerned which is located
in city of petersburg
I am very pleased with this school and in
further this school is very much about me
helps faster
what control do you play and write your
tracker i play in 10 directions this
electro house electro progressive
progressive house club house
dacha usb tech house cans hard disk to
lose write cover to easy
house of house progressive house
dubstep element
love experimenting trying to work
in some particular style
even please cyber attack you performed and
I would like to consider quite in many cities
first of all it is of course
St. Petersburg is also Russian Voronezh
Lipetsk
of course I wanted to devote more
cities
because in every city I am
club culture and do not want to see and
increasingly they tour more often
different cities please tell me
the numbers came out first before looking first
the release came out 2011 from the moment I
released 7 releases plan in the near
time to release still runs with what
musicians you cooperate with the usual
with many class musicians as well
popular dior optical labels and
sadism and come swedish for the first time and
at the moment as far as i know
by became a resident of the krts club and for the sake of it
true in Lipetsk, I am not the first time
I came to the postscript that sold
answer cube but seasons
go huckster I was pleased and and
past years i came alexia
second time and became a residence and lied
and what are your future plans
my plans include more frequent release
brought unfortunately with a big deal
work mr i can constantly
release monthly tracks and I will
try to miss soon
new release
delight your listen to your fans with new
work
the main thing is that let him not about
supports and always remain
turn sisters from cadets all
Great music is different
Mattress works a lot
did not disappoint at all cool
candles right but at their own level
so not all hotels
all tass benefits the atmosphere of the world
and map of Eurasia 3 min
before meetings